Oh, yeah.
Everybody knows it's the Twin Towers.
Our big, strong, high buildings, yeah.
Larger than any buildings in New York City.
These guys are big and bad.
i'm telling you something right now they may be earthquake proof they may be typhoon proof they may be tidal wave proof but when the mega powers the strongest force in the universe goes against the twin towers it's gonna be like a ball angle
going right through their foundation.
And the Richter scale is going to spin around 42 times, go into orbit, and you're going to see the twin towers come crumbling down.
Yeah.
Well, you know, brothers and sisters, reading back through time, there was one character.
The next thing that I want to say is our lack of biological knowledge and the general poor health of the of America of the American people Is being used to create the crisis they need to divide and conquer us to ruin Maybe America.
I don't know crash the dollar.
I don't know steal the rest of our our what limited Treasury value We have left.
I don't know but I know for sure that
that they are combining our lack of biological knowledge and our general society's lack of good health and access to health care to create a crisis to usher in all kinds of changes that would otherwise never be necessary and more importantly never be possible.
If you think about it, you know, if we're defining vaccine really liberally, and these COVID vaccines are vaccines, the flu vaccine is vaccine, okay.
But actually they're kind of cheating when they're calling these things vaccines.
And, you know, anything with really rapidly fading efficacy, such that you need shots within a year, you know, Canada's saying nine months, is as actually JJ Cooey's insistence, and I think he's right, on calling them transfections rather than vaccines.
Ruby is doing great.
As far as we can tell, Ruby is back to 99.9% healthy for a nine-year-old dog.
Her legs are a little weaker than they were, but up until last week she was still running upstairs.
We're not letting her do that anymore because the vet told us that was really dumb for already many years.
But she still wants to do it, and so we have to make her walk through the front door.
But she's really good.
She's back to her old self again, at least as far as we can tell, of course.
As her owners, we're still always seeing something wrong with her now because we came so close to feeling like we lost her.
So we're still getting over that a little bit, but thanks for asking.
It's good.
Ha!
The wrestler said that in 1989.
He said that in 1989.
The overhead view is of me in a maze.
And you see what I'm hunting a few steps away.
But I take a wrong turn and I'm on the wrong path.
And the people all watching enjoy a good laugh.
Embarrassed with failure, I try to reverse the course that my train had already commenced.
Subduing the trauma, engulfing my dream Invaded through what was an unguarded sea The torrent of helplessness swept me away To the cavern of shame and the hall of dismay Inside me a voice was repeating the phrase You've lost it, you'll never get out of this maze
We'll never get out of this maze.
Seriously, it's time to start making your plans to be in Pittsburgh for November 3rd, the first live live stream of GigaOM Biological.
It will take place here in Bethel Park, just south of Pittsburgh in the little suburb where I live.
If not too many people show up, we're going to have a gathering afterward.
There are people coming from Switzerland already, so if you're in the United States and you have the means to drive here, by all means get here, because we need to start building this real live
We need to build this community and the way to do it is for us to hug and to share a room together, if you will.
A stage and a room and a mic and music and commiserate together, if you will.
So that's the 3rd of November.
The first two days of that weekend are actually a Brownstone meeting here in Pittsburgh, not sold out.
It's incredibly expensive.
It's like $500 to attend.
But I already have tickets.
Mark Kulak already has tickets.
Joe Marshall already has tickets.
And we're all going to be there.
And so if you wanted to be at the Brownstone with people that are allies and help us to force them to see and to hear the messages that we are there, join us if you can afford it.
We'll find a way because now is the time, ladies and gentlemen.
The window of opportunity will start to close over the next year or so as the kids tune out.
And as the skilled social media users continue to tune out, we're not going to have a lot of time for them to keep looking back to still be able to see clearly enough
what they did to us and what they tricked us into telling our kids.
You'll never get out of this maze.
Never get out of this maze.
He's scheduled for 60 minutes next.
He's going on French, British, Italian, Japanese television.
People everywhere are starting to listen to him.
It's embarrassing.
Well, darn it.
Just ignore this.
Let me check that study for you there fella.
I think that's probably the one this will this will pause for a second Load up already with you I don't know why I'm going to the wayback machine.
Yes.
That's the one that is the that is the that is the paper That is the paper, uh that you just dropped in there that is the paper
Sorry for the long introduction.
It takes me a while to get everything running here and to get all the coffee down my throat before I can start.
We are still trying to take back the power from these charlatans, the charlatans that we inherited from our parents.
Interestingly, Mark Kulak of Housatonic ITS has posted some stuff on X and elsewhere.
Might be of interest to you.
It seems like some of the data
from World War II may not have disappeared in the fires, you know, may not have been buried or lost.
It may have been funneled through the Vatican and to the Rockefeller Institute.
Wouldn't that be interesting?
Ladies and gentlemen, intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb.
Transfection in healthy humans was always criminally negligent.
And RNA cannot pandemic because viruses are not pattern integrities.
We're working on a biology 101 course curriculum.
It's a curriculum development progress right now, but that project is also available on PeerTube.
I'm gonna escape out of here and restart the show.
The mystery virus is not equal to the excess deaths.
In fact, they have very good explanation for why there's no epidemiological evidence of spread.
And we have a very good explanation for why none of the lawyers that are involved in any of these fake groups will talk about strict liability or the Seventh Amendment violation that these laws are until very recently.
Very recently, people are starting to slip up because this call for a new consensus about these ideas is starting to become unignorable.
And so rather than them giving us credit or Mark credit or anyone credit for having figured this out in 2020, the same people that created this illusion by sticking to a limited spectrum of debate
are now trying to absorb these ideas, trying to pretend that they've been telling people all along not to take vaccines.
We've been saying that the vaccine schedule in America is criminal for years.
And of course they're lying about that.
And they're gonna keep lying because they need to be able to control this illusion of consensus.
Even if the limited spectrum of debate needs to be expanded a little bit to contain me.
or needs to be expanded a little bit to contain Mark, maybe they need to have some guy like Matt Crawford start a campfire wiki so that we can have some of this stuff archived on the internet.
Or maybe they can get some other chick to start archiving stuff on the internet instead of just all these people saying, well, you know, Jonathan Cui has pretty much nailed the biology about RNA not being able to pandemic.
And Mark Kulak has done a pretty good job of cataloging the real history of these people and the real mentors that matter.
But they're not doing that because these people are in charge of, paid to create and maintain the illusion of consensus and the limited spectrum of debate that is defined by it.
Because we are currently experiencing a transition to a new kind of totalitarianism.
where the highly trained acolytes of the ruling oligarchy will quietly bamboozle us on social media while we think that they are the heroes.
In fact, these are fake heroes that were provided to us by the exact same military operation that
Tony Fauci is behind, that all of these people are behind.
It's a military operation.
It is a government operation around the world to invert all of our sovereignty so that they can start mass data collection openly.
They don't have to hide it anymore.
They don't have to steal it anymore.
They don't have to lie about it or just get the data from sick people.
They can take it from everyone.
And that's why the weaponized piles of money have used social media to convince us that these people are the people that are arguing for us, and they know what to argue about, and they are definitely the people we want arguing for us.
And no more than I want Tony Fauci arguing for my kids do I want Brett Weinstein or Robert Malone arguing for my kids.
And yet somehow or another, Elon Musk and Peter Thiel and the rest of these oligarchs have decided that these are the people that we should argue with.
And these are the things that we should argue about.
And conveniently for the slavers, this has enforced the narrative of a novel virus that we needed to be saved from.
And we probably need digital ID to protect us from in the future.
And as long as we allow ourselves to be governed by social media monkeys, we will always be governed by their mythology.
You need to get off social media and get off now.
If you want to know who this is, my name is Jonathan Couey.
You can search for me on PubMed to find the record of the work that I did when I was still chasing tenure at a University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine faculty.
I am, as far as I know, the only U.S.
faculty member to lose a career because I spoke out about this stuff.
Everybody else hasn't lost a job.
They've gotten a book deal.
They started a new business.
And all I got is this little stream and my name in Robert F. Kennedy's book as an advisor.
You can find my work on PeerTube.
You can find clips from Jeff.
Also there, you can find a calendar and the coursework we're working on, as well as the books to download there.
And the Batcave is a significant archive of videos.
And of course, Housatonic ITS is publishing there as well.
So it's a one-stop shop for the truth, really.
It's a one-stop shop to find out what's going on without having to input a name or have an algorithm store or throw things at you afterward.
No ads, nothing.
That's what we are doing there.
That's what the viewers of GigaOM Biological are actually doing there, which is pretty cool.
And if you are a supporter of this stream, you should definitely take credit for and share that Peertube site because that's really what I invest my money in besides
besides food and rent uh anyway ladies and gentlemen we are still working on the covid shots are bad situation uh i'm gonna go back to this if you don't mind what is happening here glitch out glitch out hello glitching out
That's what happens.
Good morning.
Hello, welcome.
This is Jonathan Cui from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, coming to you live from my garage as usual.
It is the 4th of October, 2024.
I wanted to do a study hall today, but as usual, I'm going to give you a very brief introduction as to where we are, just in case there's somebody here for the first time or catches this stream live or not live for the first time.
I just want you to understand where we are and what's going on.
Right now, social media and our really skillful use of it has convinced us to pay attention to a certain subset of dissidents and a certain subset of, let's say, mainstream leaders.
And those groups of people have been put in front of us artificially, programmed to be in front of us, so that no matter whether you questioned the television narrative or not,
you had a group of controlled individuals that was going to tell you that the COVID shots are bad, but let's not talk about 2020.
And that is the magic because Robert Malone and Tony Fauci, Francis Collins and people
Peter McCullough, apparently Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
and Del Bigtree are not able to know or figure out or go back in history or the numbers to see that there were bigger families in America after World War II.
And that trend of bigger families did not sustain itself until the 90s, but in fact decreased.
And at the same time, our ability to make people live longer, to extend their lives with end-of-life care,
has greatly increased, and a lot of our medical system is based on that for-profit model of taking care of old people in their old age, because they have retirement money that they can spend.
And so they knew, they knew that slowly but surely we were gonna have a problem as the percentage of our population that was approaching the end of life increased, and in fact increased in a mathematically identifiable way 20 years ago already.
They knew
that the combination of better health care and these large families was going to eventually leave us with a big pile of old people.
And what better way for a biosecurity state that was really interested in getting rid of the individualism of America, the sovereignty of individuals, and conforming to a more globalist idea
of our biology, you know, like that contained in this book, where we need to get our big boy pants on and take control of our evolution.
And the only way to do that is get rid of these pesky nation states.
I assure you that all of the governments in the West coordinated at the beginning of the pandemic for one reason and one reason only, because they all had this problem.
And a mismanagement of this problem could have potentially bankrupt any Western nation because a population pyramid of this shape isn't good.
And it's only gonna get worse as the replacement population underneath is smaller and smaller.
It is potentially in 20 or 30 years when our children are having children, a kind of collapse.
And they know this.
They know that this increase in all-cause mortality is going to go away.
And unfortunately, I am pessimistic enough to believe that it's possible that they put Denny Rancourt in place early in 2020 to control the narrative about all-cause mortality.
And very specifically, the super smart, very brilliant, highly insightful, hundreds of
of figures and hundreds of pages of publications since May of 2020, this guy, Denny Rancourt, is apparently unaware that the entire Western world was expecting this, unaware of why China would have instituted a one-child policy and what could possibly be the mathematical consequences of that over time in a population.
I'm sorry, but I'm very frustrated because I see only liars.
And so unless these people come clean very, very quick.
and admit that all Western nations knew this was coming, and it would have been a trivial thing for them to have tweaked the protocols around standard respiratory disease to increase the all-cause mortality in line with this, to take advantage of this, and then tell us it was a crisis.
And that's what they did.
They murdered people and lied about it.
And now weaponized piles of money, convincing us with whom to argue and what to argue about, have effectively pulled the wool over our eyes and run out the clock on this.
And now we're worried about the election and what's going to come in Ukraine and whether or not Israel and Iran are going to bomb each other.
And we're worried about all of these things.
And that has run out the clock.
It's run out the clock for all our neighbors, and more importantly, it's run out the clock for our young people.
You know, those 20-somethings that were completely lost at the beginning of the pandemic because none of us adults were capable of standing up because we were skillfully using social media and completely unaware that most of the people that that algorithm was putting in front of us were liars.
not spontaneously rising despite the censorship, or not fighting the censorship, but actually being elevated by the censorship, put in front of us by the censorship, given Joe Rogan promotion by the censorship, put on Tucker Carlson by the censorship, given new social media like Locals and Gab and Telegram by the censorship.
We thought that that was the writhing of the free system, trying to fight against the oligarchy, when in reality, that was just part of the theater.
And they got names from that.
They got names of people who would take action, people who were willing to leave one platform to go to another.
They got all kinds of names from that.
We gave them information and we continue to give them information.
Every time we tweet on X, every time we post and we think that it's just going out into the public, it's going into their machine and their machine through programming decides whether that's worth anybody seeing or not.
It's not an algorithm that's out of their control.
It's not a algorithm that does things they don't want it to do.
It is a programmed set of programs that are probably military, and you don't see reality.
You see what that program wants you to see.
You see the struggle of Pierre Kory trying to come to terms with the fact that he didn't know any of this before the pandemic.
He's so frustrated.
You see Mary Holland fighting for free something, free health speech or something.
You don't see reality.
You see what YouTube puts in front of you.
You see what X puts in front of you.
And unless we start building an independent bright web,
where people that matter have their peer tube, people that matter have their soapbox, people that have something to say have a website and host some videos there or run a podcast and people share that stuff by sharing it via email.
Unless we go back to that,
If we continue to acquiesce to the idea that either government has to keep their hands off or the government has to make it free or something, if we don't make it free ourselves, and if we don't free ourselves from this mythology and how it is generated, then we will be enslaved by it.
Our children will be enslaved by it.
And if you want to learn how they did it, you have to look at the recent history that is still available on the web.
It's still out there.
You just got to stop looking at the current crap and do the homework necessary to see who talked about repurposed drugs when, the spike protein, the fear and cleavage site.
We still have people saying things that are absurd.
I just heard the guy from Bay John Health today say that people who made antibodies to the fear and cleavage site, yada, yada, yada, in 2024, he's that guy, yes.
And this is a narrative that is seeded so that they would have the excuse, the intellectual cover, and the plausible deniability.
to say that we don't know whether it's the spike protein from the virus or the spike protein from the transfection.
And so it must be both.
And now that that's run its way out, now they're gonna go to contamination.
because millions of people were saved by transfection.
And that was the plan all along.
That's why all of these people were put in place and given little nuggets of information.
Any of these nuggets of information that these people were on and all about for so long were ceded to them, encouraged to them.
Or when people stumbled upon these ideas, they were promoted artificially.
And they thought that they were rising because they were smart or because they were onto something, just like I thought I was rising when I was coming out about the lab leak in 2020 and I was getting promoted.
That Bret Weinstein was really listening to me in a single signal chat.
And so the main trick to hear is, of course, that before the pandemic, there were people like Lori Garrett and many others who were
who were talking about endemicity and how if the bat cave virus gets out, the reason why we need these pandemic preparedness plans is so that we can really close it down, right?
Remember that Robert Malone was involved in the ring vaccination studies where they would have an Ebola outbreak, which is a virus that's curiously, closely, structurally related to a viral-like protein patent held by David Hohn and Sina Bavari.
You could look that up.
But Ebola looks a lot like that.
But anyway, when Ebola broke out, then Robert Malone was involved in the ring vaccination stuff, you know, where he would go or help design the deployment of vaccine in nearby villages to prevent the spread of Ebola.
Not very different from this idea that we've got to prevent endemicity.
If a virus gets out, the worst case scenario would be it would contribute
be a new part of the already existing background of death that Mother Nature provides for us and that public health saves us from with their miracle vaccines.
And so the idea of a new virus going endemic was a story that these people were telling on Brett Weinstein's podcast.
They were talking about it.
And the reality is, is that they don't want you to realize that a background versus endemicity, there's no difference biologically because we got no data from before 2020.
And you can guarantee that any national security state, anybody like James Giordano or the like would have known that, would have seen that years and years and years ago.
You don't think that somebody as smart as Henry Kissinger or Hilary Kaprowski or Stanley Plotkin or Tony Fauci or Francis Collins or Mark Lander or Kevin McKernan wouldn't know that?
wouldn't know that the background isn't any different than endemicity if we don't have data before 2020.
Wouldn't they know that?
Of course they'd know that.
And that's why they haven't explained it.
because they are all part of this imperative that was identified by the Human Genome Project's lack of completion.
Lying about being complete was really an admission behind closed doors that, holy crap, the problem is a lot bigger than we thought.
The only way it'll ever happen is if we have computers that don't exist now and we have data collection systems that don't exist now.
Otherwise, we've got no hope and a snowball's chance in hell of even coming close to cracking this problem.
And that's why none of them will talk about the background.
They'll never talk about the real ways that PCR can be used on an academic bench that weren't used during COVID.
They won't talk about how transfection is transfection, even in its purest form, it would have been stupid.
And they won't tell you why transformation and transfection and the history of them, so that you'd know that Jesse Gelsinger already told us that transformation wasn't gonna work in healthy humans.
And so that's why they rolled it out in a limited way and then said, oh, no, it doesn't work.
We're going to pull that one off the market.
But the MRNA works great.
Stop lying.
And Kevin McKernan and Jessica Rose, they're all were involved in that debate to make it seem like there was something real happening there.
And it wasn't.
And meanwhile, these very sophisticated molecular biologists with decades of experience still can't explain to you how, what infectious clone means in the virology literature is actually transfection and transformation of cell cultures.
Done.
And the weird part is, is even the no virus people can't explain that.
Even after I wrote them a letter about it, the only thing they could do is say, send me some papers.
And CHD, they also can't seem to teach this, even though I've taught them this, even though I taught the entire staff of the book editing staff.
Everybody knows this.
They've heard this in Zoom meetings.
Mary Holland knows this.
She might not be sophisticated enough to understand it, but she definitely knows it.
And I assure you that Mary Holland and Merrill Nass and Robert Malone and Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
all are sophisticated enough to understand how RNA cannot pandemic.
It's a pretty bold statement.
It's a pretty bold statement, isn't it?
And if you look into the literature,
excuse my incredible spit there.
If you look into the literature and the only thing you can find are papers by Ralph Baric and Mark Denison about remdesivir or Allison Totura and Sina Bavari about remdesivir saving us from a coronavirus pandemic and that remdesivir is a really interesting drug because it works on the proofreading protein of coronaviruses.
Stop lying.
I assure you, ladies and gentlemen, RNA cannot pandemic.
And the only way that they can avoid acknowledging this is by either lambasting me or ignoring me.
That's why that's what's all going to happen from now on.
I assure you, that's all that's going to happen from now on.
At first, it was just me sitting in the chair on social media thinking eventually these people would
would pivot to these ideas.
But now I know, and I have learned through painful experience, that they will never pivot to these ideas unless we make them.
And then when they do, they will do it minimally.
And you can see it on social media right now.
These people are already doing it, that they're admitting that the food processed is bad, that the environment is polluted.
Big agriculture is bad.
Cosmetics are toxic.
We should have never used sunscreen.
The old vaccine schedule wasn't tested, and RFK Jr.
has been right all along.
They will admit that COVID shots are bad.
Of course they are.
I mean, you know, they screwed them up.
They got DNA in them.
And they're just gonna use science to fix this stuff.
Kevin McKernan will clean it up with his friend Buckhalter.
They'll clean up all these transfections.
They're really good.
And Bobby will get the Health and Human Services and the CDC to pay for real trials.
I assure you, ladies and gentlemen, these people aren't risking anything, because they're playing for the slavers.
That's why they rise on social media.
And they won't speak candidly about 2020, because that's when they got all their instructions.
That's when they still didn't really understand what the goal was and they went along with it anyway.
They were aware of who they were playing for.
They just weren't aware of where we were going.
Now they know where we're going and they're even playing and doubling down because they know where we're going is terrifying.
And they will attempt to awkwardly blame the U.S.
military even though the U.S.
military takes orders.
even though the US military is actually in the hierarchy, lower than Health and Human Services, is very easy to misconstrue with the State Department and DITRA.
These people are gonna continue to be very, very imprecise.
with who they blame because they don't want to blame traitors in the American government, traitors in the UK government, traitors in the Canadian government for undermining the West.
They don't want to admit that this is a coordinated operation across these countries that all had the same population problem.
And they would love it if we could control, demolish America and the rest of the nation states that matter at the same time.
I am absolutely terrified of the moves that Mike Eden is making right now because it feels very, very disingenuous.
The first move that he made about a week ago was promoting someone who I know is a traitor, Jonathan Engler.
chats from Twitter and emails that catalog exactly why he's a liar and why he is fake, including his never-ending defense of Claire Craig, who is a sequencing enthusiast.
and somebody who worked very closely with Kevin McKernan in the beginning of the pandemic.
So these are traders.
These are people that are working against their own governments and against their own population to undermine nation states for some global imperative.
And I'm afraid that Mike Eden has been playing along all along.
Remember that when Mike Eden came out, he said that natural immunity was okay and that T-cells, which doesn't deny that there's a novel virus, doesn't even question it.
and now for him to be usefully questioning it by promoting the Bailey's book is very bizarre.
Very bizarre to the point of frightening to me because now
Apparently, even Paul Alexander, who texts me regularly about how great I am and every once in a while does a very over-the-top sub-stack saying Jonathan Cooey is still the most right or something like that.
Now, apparently, according to Paul Alexander, Dr. Michael Yeadon has discovered that Del Bigtree and some of the other skeptics are actually limited.
Isn't that what we've been saying for like a year now, since I got fired?
Isn't my being fired by CHD and Mary Holland for speaking about Robert Malone and interfering with the way that they can interact with their partners, isn't that the best evidence?
for CHD being sabotaged from within.
Isn't that the best evidence for these people that the biology that we're teaching about intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb or that RNA cannot pandemic, or we should call it transfection.
None of those things are good evidence, but Mike Eden saying it is now the mother of all bombs.
Or someone else saying it is the mother of all bombs, according to Paul Alexander, when he knows, Paul Alexander knows that he has been sending me texts over the last few days.
Paul Alexander's texts is... Is it there or does he do signal?
I can't remember how.
Oh no, he's sending me emails.
Sorry, my bad.
Wanting to do a, let's see if I can find it here.
The last email that I got from him was yesterday.
And, oh no, sorry.
two yesterday I got.
So, hi, JJ, can we set up an interview for this weekend or Monday or Tuesday?
The day we can use your platform, one hour, wide ranging.
I want to get COVID across the spectrum, even politics.
Look, this is literally from yesterday.
See?
Literally from yesterday.
So it's strange to me that Paul Alexander, the guy who's been in contact with me sometimes daily now, just like Brett Weinstein was in contact with me daily for a while.
Just like Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
used to be in contact with me daily for a while.
You know, Brian Hooker was in contact with me daily for a while.
Paul Alexander says that Mike Eden has finally figured it out, that maybe these people never really intended to get us across the finish line.
Maybe that's the reason why Del Bigtree and Mary Holland, until only very, very recently, have even approached the idea of using the word criminal to apply to a vaccine schedule.
Because remember, when Mary first came out in 2015, she wasn't anti-vax, she just wanted the MMR tested and wanted to figure out what part of the MMR might've hurt her son.
Don't forget that James Lyons Weiler isn't anti-vax.
He just wants the vulnerable population to be identified so that the rest of the people can be mandated to take the vaccine.
Remember that Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
isn't a vaccine skeptic.
He just wants to give us tested vaccines.
And so now the guy that they promote as having this message is Mike Eden, a non-American.
We wouldn't want to have an American say this.
Maybe an American that actually worked for the people who are saying this.
Maybe a guy who is a consultant for Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
for a year and a staff scientist for CHD for half a year might have a little more insight into this than Mike Yeadon, who's been chilling on an island for a couple of years now because the pressure has been so great.
No offense intended.
If Mike Yeadon won't explain to you that all pharmaceutical companies that were making biologics before the pandemic had the facilities to make cDNA and synthetic RNA en masse, which would be PCR positive and sequence positive,
He hasn't explained that to you in four years, just like Brian Artis, who's gone around the United States talking about venom and showing pictures of these big silver tanks, hasn't explained to you that before they make the venom, they make the RNA.
Before they make the RNA, they make the DNA and they grow it up in a great big vat of bacteria.
You know, like the lady from Inovio showed us yesterday.
Please send this video to Mike Eden.
I'd love to have him on the show.
I'd love to have him and interview him and talk to him about why there is nuance required because there are industrial processes that can make synthetic DNA and synthetic RNA.
And the only thing required for a pandemic would be to place these signals wherever they needed to be found.
independent of whether they'd make people sick, independent of whether they would transmit for a long time or a short time, independent of whether they're self-replicating or not, it doesn't matter.
If they wanted to find gigaohm biological encoded in DNA and tell you it was spreading everywhere, they could make it and put it everywhere.
They could distribute it in vapes.
and it could be harmless, but everybody would test positive for gigaohm biological written in DNA because they put it in the vapes.
And because DNA is so stable, it would be there and it would last.
So the signal that they wanted to find could be created.
They could tell you it was whatever they want.
The test could test for gigaohm biological written in DNA and they could tell you it was a new coronavirus and they were testing for the RDRP.
How would you know?
Do you work at Abbott?
Do you work at the testing facility?
So how do you know what they're really testing for when the thing turns pink?
Did you make the primers?
Do you even know if the primers that they say are in there are in there or are they primers that they wanted you to use?
I'm sorry, but at some point in time, these people are gonna have to step out of the spotlight and they're gonna have to admit
They're gonna have to admit something.
Mike Eden is gonna have to admit something soon because he's not so naive as to not see the population problem.
He's not so naive as to see the use of a background.
He's not so naive to not know that pharmaceutical companies that make biologics can make DNA and RNA and have all the facilities to do it and had it before the pandemic.
The biologics are harder to make.
He could explain that.
And they will promise to fix all of these things.
Mike Eden is right.
But why does Mike Eden get promoted by Paul Alexander when we have been saying it for months and months now?
Why is Paul Alexander promoting a foreigner in America?
I think you know the answer, and I think Paul knows the answer too.
If they're safe and effective, you should go get yours, because that's not what the news media should be doing.
They should be reporting on what's actually happening and pointing out to people that side effects do occur, and that they should always, before getting any medical intervention, understand the risks and the benefits.
Now, for all vaccines, it turns out that the, except in extremely rare cases, like, you know, maybe this one might have been a case, but I really don't think so.
In pretty much every case I know about, the benefits of vaccination never outweigh the risks, and people should always be refusing vaccination.
We've been telling people that for a long time.
Okay, so you do agree that nobody should ever take another vaccine.
No, people should not take any of the vaccines that are currently approved.
There may be a time, Stu, in five years from now that they actually have a safe vaccine.
That is it, okay?
There may be a time in five years where they have a vaccine.
So Mike Eden is correct.
Mike Eden is correct.
These people are offering a fake solution.
But today, I feel like I need to call out Mike Eden, so I'm going to do it.
And the way that I'm going to do it is I'm going to suggest to you that Mike Eden could have told you all about this video and all about its contents and more, including anion exchange chromatography.
He could have told you that biologics, which are made by pharmaceutical companies around the world before and after the pandemic,
that include monoclonal and polyclonal antibodies whose intellectual property was drastically changed.
The landscape of pharmaceutical value in patents was changed drastically at the start of the pandemic due to the ruling of the U.S.
Supreme Court about what patents on antibodies could be enforced.
And so Mike Eden knows all of this stuff because he told you himself, he is a pharmaceutical executive who sold his spinoff company to Pfizer before the pandemic.
He knows how this stuff works.
And so Mike Eden, the guy who says he's sure that they designed the transfections to make people not be able to have babies, is also completely unable to have taught you anything about biologics manufacture, almost in the same way that Brian Artis, while pretending to tell us about biologics manufacture, has never bothered to point out that biologics, like venom, are manufactured by making cDNAs and then mRNA and then the protein.
Just conveniently left that out.
Stop lying.
So let's watch a video together, shall we?
Is this the one?
Yes.
This video is from Amgen.
It's available on YouTube, and it's about 11 years old.
So I'm sure nothing in this video will be surprising, and everybody will be like, oh, wow, I already knew that.
The Challenges in Manufacturing Biologics A key objective in medicine is to improve patients' health while ensuring their safety.
One breakthrough that has revolutionized medicine and helped meet this objective is the development of a newer type of drugs called biologics.
More than 200 biologics have benefited millions of patients worldwide.
biologics are very complex molecules.
Because of this, each step in their manufacturing requires rigorous quality control and testing.
Now, first of all, I'd like you to remind you if you haven't seen biology 101 from yesterday, please watch it.
We are now we have added to the reading list.
a wonderful book which is called What is Life by Erwin Schroeder, and we read the first part of it.
And one of the ideas that's here that we're going to revisit over and over in Biology 101 is the idea of a periodic crystal being the subject in general of physics and chemistry, and an aperiodic crystal being a concept to better describe the phenomenon that occur in life.
to ensure their efficacy and safety.
Prior to the development of biologics, most drugs were composed of small molecules, which are developed in laboratories by using chemical building blocks that are bound together in discrete chemical steps.
There could be multiple methods to manufacture them, allowing the drugs to be duplicated and sold by multiple companies when patents expire.
Small molecule drugs include most drugs taken orally, in addition to some given by injection.
So this is important because they're going to establish what generic drugs are and what they are, are these small molecules.
You learn how to make them, you know, like brewing beer, and then you can give that, you know, that recipe to somebody else and they can brew the same beer.
And so then there's now generic small molecules, right?
Contrast, biologics are usually proteins, can be up to 1,000 times as large as small molecule drugs, and are given by injection or infusion.
Because of their complexity, biologics must be manufactured in living cells.
The initial step in developing a biologic is inserting the DNA that codes for it into cells.
What's that called?
Transformation, if they use a virus, it's called transformation.
If they use naked DNA, I think you can still call it transfection, but we would have to talk to somebody like Robert Malone, who was around when they defined these words back in the 70s and 80s.
Once the DNA is inside the cells, it uses the cell's machinery to transcribe and translate.
So what's happening there is an RNA dependent, or sorry, an RNA polymerase is taking the DNA and opening it up and manufacturing an mRNA.
And then that will be out of the nucleus to the ribosome.
Played the DNA message into the biologic.
So that's the ribosome there on the edge of what is supposed to be the endoplasmic reticulum.
And so then the RNA apparently goes in from the outside and then the protein forms on the inside.
As the biologic is made, the cells fold it into its functionally active structure.
And the biologic is transported to a cellular organelle called a Golgi body.
Within the Golgi body, specific chemical groups are added, such as sugar groups, to ensure the biologic functions as intended.
If a group is added incorrectly, this can alter the biologic's physiologic effects.
After post-translational modifications are completed, the biologic is isolated from the culture system and the selection process can begin.
And the isolation process includes what is called anion exchange chromatography, where all the RNA and DNA from these processes can be separated from the protein biologic.
And all of these people, Kevin McKernan, Jessica Rose, Meryl Nass, Robert Malone, anybody that's worked in industry or adjacent to that knows that this is the most expensive step in the process.
Mike Eden must know that the most expensive process of manufacture of a biologic is the separation of these endotoxins and these DNA and these RNA from the manufacturing process from the protein that you intend to inject intramuscularly or by IV.
You don't want a bunch of bacterial endotoxins.
You don't want a bunch of DNA in there.
So you have to clean it out.
And all of these people before the pandemic already knew this.
Mike Eden had to know this.
During the selection process, the cells that produce the biologic product most effectively are identified and expanded to manufacture the biologic drug.
This is called the cell line, which is unique to each manufacturer.
This cell line is the source of all future drug product and is then grown in large bioreactors where the growth and metabolic activity of the biologic are carefully monitored in all stages.
It seems like they have a lot of the infrastructure they would need already to make all of the mRNA or DNA that they would ever want to find anywhere they wanted to put it.
Those things back there look big enough.
That big steel thing right there looks pretty good size.
It's definitely not some undergraduate in their garage, right?
With some eBay equipment like Robert Malone said is threatening us in the future.
Robert Malone actually said that in front of some parliament members in the UK like a year ago or so.
That we didn't need to worry about this, this is nothing.
But we need to worry about our undergraduates in their garage with nefarious ideas about making gain of function proteins or gain of function viruses
stop lying brian artist is saying they're making venom like this they make venom until the biologic is collected for purification
The production process is highly controlled and involves many steps that need to be carefully executed.
These steps ensure that the three-dimensional structure of the biologic is replicated precisely each time a new lot is produced.
Does anyone else find the small sounds of a watch beeping in the background in this video super annoying?
Different raw material sources and process variability can affect product quality.
Isn't that weird that even the source of their materials and the particular place that they get their raw materials from could affect the biologic?
Oh my goodness, that sounds complicated.
Raw materials and process controls will differ among manufacturers, and consequently, the same biologic manufactured by two different companies is likely to be different.
This is the reason why such drugs are called biosimilars and not generics.
They are similar, but not the same.
Accordingly, a separate regulatory pathway has been developed for them by various health authorities around the world.
Oh my gosh.
Because biologics and biosimilars may have slight differences, as a physician, I believe that doctors should know as... I'm not making that beeping noise.
They are making that beeping noise.
Oh my gosh, there's a flag behind him.
Can you believe this?
Biosimilars.
And conveniently, there's a whole other regulation thing for the biosimilar deals.
I wonder if mRNA vaccines were considered biosimilars.
I wonder if the adenovirus things are considered biosimilars and fall under a different regulatory.
Isn't that interesting, right?
Ooh, and it makes it easier for everybody to have the same intellectual property.
Then we can have intellectual property also on the methodologies, you know, like the special way that we make the lipid nanoparticles come together with the mRNA so that people like Peter Cullis can be give credit for or blamed for having told us that the, oh my gosh, it is gross.
This is a,
11-year-old video.
I'm sorry, what?
Even small differences in what?
Sorry, what?
Extra care is needed for biologics because even small variations in their complex structure may contribute to immune reactions in patients.
These reactions occur when a patient's immune system identifies a substance as foreign and targets it for removal.
Wait, how would that happen?
Isn't that the intention of transfection?
Didn't they just tell us that the whole thing of transfection is that they would recognize the protein and remove it?
Now this guy's telling me that that's not a really good idea for biologics.
We don't really want that for biologics.
What in the hell is going on here?
extra care is needed for biologics because even small variations in their complex structure may contribute to immune reactions in patients.
What about the small changes in the complex structure of the spike protein when our body makes it in different tissues?
He's telling you that the cell line that they chose will determine the biosimilarities here, and we can't call them the same because they're not.
Because the raw materials that we start with matter, the cell line that we start with matter, and small variations in the production of the biologic could result in immune responses that we don't want.
And yet with the mRNA transfection of healthy humans, they don't give a shit about that.
Because our bodies are the vaccine factory.
Isn't that handy?
Stop lying!
These reactions occur when a patient's immune system identifies a substance as foreign and targets it for removal.
These immune reactions may lead to serious health complications.
Oh, serious health complications.
But never mind.
We'll let your body be the vaccine factory so that all those vats aren't needed.
And so all this quality control isn't needed.
We'll just let any cell in your body make this stuff.
Who cares?
Only when they manufacture it in their big steel bins.
Only when they manufacture it in their big, big chromatography columns is it important for the bio, you know, whatever to be good and pure.
So don't you see that transfection just avoids all these problems?
All these purification problems and safety controls and chemical testing and screening for purity.
Come on!
We're wasting millions of dollars producing biologics when we could just leave all the production up to your body by transfecting you.
This is before the pandemic where they're telling you why biologics are so expensive and why almost nobody's insurance will pay for them and why pharmaceutical companies are dealing with these like table chips in a poker game because they're so valuable, the intellectual property.
And then suddenly at the start of the pandemic, the Supreme Court says,
Sorry, all those things that you said were valuable, they're not really valuable.
I don't think they'll stand up in court because the biology doesn't stand up in court anymore.
Wow.
Isn't that weird?
So now all of a sudden, investing in these biologics and all these big steel tubs and all these clean rooms and all these people is really a waste of money.
Because we can't enforce our patent anyway.
Concerns over these complications have arisen in some products.
To help avoid problems, it's important for a manufacturer to have a deep institutional knowledge, safe check systems, and best practices for large-scale production of these biologics.
That experience has helped us at Amgen respond... Or you could just distribute placebo and say you're able to make large quantities.
That would also work great now, wouldn't it?
...quickly to safety issues and prevent product shortages for patients.
products shortages since their introduction approximately 30 years ago biologics have helped more than 30 years ago you mean we've been making this stuff for 40 years are you telling me that we've been making biologics for 40 years using recombinant dna and rna are you telling me that these people in the human genome project didn't really do anything special uh-oh than 325 million patients worldwide
Manufacturing a safe and effective biologic medicine requires tremendous effort and vigilance.
Every step is critical.
It is this rigorous commitment to quality that helps ensure that each dose is both effective and safe for patients.
2012, ladies and gentlemen, 12 years ago.
I'm not even really sure what to say about that other than I told you.
I am very serious when I say that we need to have a new consensus about the fact that the vaccine schedule in the USA was a criminal enterprise and people like Mary Holland could have said that in 2017, but they didn't.
Mary Holland could have said that in 2015 when she was on the Democracy Now program against Paul Offit.
She could have just said that the whole vaccine schedule is criminal because there's no strict liability.
Do you know why she could have said that in 2015?
Because in 2015, she was also a lawyer.
Just like she remains a lawyer now.
In 2015, Aaron Seary was a lawyer too.
The only lawyer that I know that has said the vaccine schedule is criminal is named, shoot, now I can't think of his name.
I'll come up with it in a minute.
But I think he used to work for a CHD, but he doesn't work for CHD any longer.
Ralph Hazlehorst is his name.
He's the only one that I know who's ever said it.
uh is like brett weinstein's wife she didn't say that the vaccine schedule she thinks the vaccine schedule is great we just need safe ones and she wouldn't call she said the transfection we should call it transfection instead of a vaccine because the the efficacy fades
Not because transfection is the right name for it, but because the efficacy fades.
And she told you that on her podcast one year or more, probably a year and a half after I told her and her husband and explained the biology of it on Signal in 2021 or 2020 even.
That's why I'm going to hammer on Brett and his wife until they are off the internet or until GigaOM Biological is self-sustaining.
Right now, GigaOM Biological is paid for by a couple people and my credit card.
That's it.
And Mark Kulak shouldn't be giving me $100 a month for me to pay my bills, but he is because that's how this show runs.
Jeff from Earth in Canada, who makes the clips on PeerTube, shouldn't also be donating massive amounts of money to my family.
It just shouldn't be, but that's the way it is.
There are just a few people who are floating this boat, like Simon, and Steven, or Stefan, and Greg, and Jeff.
Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
is not a subscriber for $10 a month.
You know, Jessica Rose isn't a subscriber for $10 a month.
Nobody of these people is a subscriber for $10 a month.
Heck, you know, even Malik, when he had me, you know, there was a cool show, the cool show on Rumble, K-U-W-L.
That guy did an interview for me.
We got connected through G. Edward Griffin and the red pill thing.
And after I did an interview with him, about an hour later,
He gave me the link to where he was gonna post the video and he donated $50 to Gigaohm Biological.
The Cool Show, K-U-W-L, the only person to ever interview me and then also donate.
No one else has ever done it.
That's how bad this is right now, ladies and gentlemen.
It is very, very bad.
When Mark Kulak is paying for my lunch, my kids' lunch, and some people from Canada and California and across the ocean are the only people that are keeping this stream afloat, along with the 140 people scrolling over there that give some amount that's all important.
But I don't have a substack with thousands of subscribers that pay like Robert Malone does.
I don't have a substack with thousands of subscribers that pay like Jessica Rose does, where those people have not lost anything.
Was Jessica Rose trying to get tenure somewhere that I missed?
Was Robert Malone working somewhere that I missed?
Did he lose some contracts with DITRA that weren't reported?
No.
These people are dishonorably misleading the young about what they've suffered and their role in this.
They have all participated in this slow roll to the truth, this controlled demolition of America, and that's the reason why none of these people will talk about any of these things.
This list will remain untouched by these people.
and ignored because that's all they can do at this stage.
That's why they also have to ignore Mark.
They can't talk to you about what Mark's doing right now because if they do, this whole house of cards will fall apart.
just like they can't talk to you about what we're doing here in Biology 101 or what we just did today.
Because what we did today is going to be so inconvenient that either one of two things can happen.
Either Mike Eden can say, wow, you know what, Jonathan Cooley's right.
And the last show that he did, wow, I should have known better.
He's right.
I knew all about biologics.
I knew how they were made.
I should have seen this.
What is wrong with me?
Of course, transfection and transformation in cell culture is all that virology really is.
but he's not going to do that.
I almost guarantee you, he's not going to send me an email or Paul Alexander's not going to send me an email and say, Oh my gosh, I should have promoted you.
The complete ignoring of the truth that Mark is bringing to the table, that I'm bringing to the table, that Scott Schar is bringing to the table, that Joe Marshall are bringing to the table.
They are going to ignore them.
That Uwe Altschner in Germany is bringing to the table.
They are ignoring all of us.
and they will continue to do it because they don't want you to get to these big ideas about RNA can't pandemic or that the idea that endemicity versus a background that was already there because we don't have any data from 2020 is impossible.
That means that all of these people could have explained this by now, but haven't just like they could have explained that the increase in all cause mortality was expected.
And they're all getting away with it because they won't talk about 2020 and that they could have known in 2020 about biologics manufacture, about transfection and transformation because it was on their CV and about the coming increase in all cause mortality because of the size of difference between families in the after World War II and families now.
The one child policy in China versus before it.
They're all the same problem that all these countries had to solve.
And that's why all these people have to be in on it.
So we need a new consensus, ladies and gentlemen.
We need people to understand this biology, and I hope you'll help me do it.
And if you want to help, please go to gigahomebiological.com and find a way to support.
and otherwise share everything that you can find on stream.gigaohm.bio and everything that you see Mark Kulak tweet, for example, retweet it because he only puts stuff on X when it's necessary.
And I'm going to move toward that model more and more.
But right now, I still feel like X is worth trying to burn down, so to speak.
And so I go there with a lot of sarcasm and a lot of
A lot of sharp tongue, and I don't care.
If you follow me there, just understand that that's me trying to push back against that military program and nothing more.
Thank you very much for joining me, and I'll see you guys again... Yes, I'll see you guys again tomorrow.
I'm gonna talk to Mark this afternoon and see what Mark's plans are, when he's gonna stream, and I might do, after lunch, a catch-up on the stats thing and put another one of those episodes out.
We'll see.
Otherwise, I'll definitely see you tomorrow.